today's tip is on the return of serve
and we want to demonstrate in today's
game a lot of times you can get away if
it's a difficult syrup with blacking or
guiding the ball back because the
players aren't coming to the net as much
as they have in previous years it's very
difficult it's time the top serves in
today's game first thing I'm going to
show you is to return on a ball that I'm
comfortable on good ready position I see
the bed early and I'm able to go out and
get it this server would be like a
second server or bar that I feel good
about my position as you can tell you
son balance and the ball was in my
strike zone so I hit it with my regular
forehand grip against a good serve I'm
not going to be behind the bar I'm going
to find myself stretch to either side
I'm going to open the strengths
recognize I'm in a bit of trouble open
the strings towards a continental and
try and defend the bail to the back
third of the court then I'm going to
hurry to the middle of the court and try
and get in the rally I'm here Gilbert
and that's your usta florida go pro tip
you
they're good now
good and just three more me yeah yeah
you guys got a couple of the good ones
earlier dad
they're dead now